Improves README, removes deprecated/duplicated information (#13)
mspnp/caf-secure-amp-infra: README.md

# Cloud Adoption Framework - Secure Accelerator

## Introduction

The Microsoft Cloud Adoption Framework (CAF) for Azure is proven guidance that's designed to help create and implement the business and technology strategies necessary for organizations to succeed in the cloud. It provides best practices, documentation, and tools that cloud architects, IT professionals, and business decision makers need to successfully achieve short-term and long-term objectives.

CAF consists of multiple methodologies, providing the right guidance at the right time in an organization's journey. The **Secure** methodology provides security guidance by providing clarity for the processes, best practices, models, and experiences. This guidance is based on the lessons learned and real world experiences of real customers, Microsoft's security journey, and work with organizations like NIST, The Open Group, and the Center for Internet Security (CIS).

## Customer profile

> This workshop provides a design path and initial technical state for Small Enterprises or Customers willing to know and start using Azure Security Tools and Services. It is meant for organizations that do not have a large IT team and do not require fine grained administration delegation models. Hence, all resources and security rules are consolidated in a single subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workshop provides a design path and initial technical state for small enterprises or customers willing to learn and start using Azure security tools and services. It's meant for organizations that do not yet have a large IT team nor require fine grained administration delegation models. Hence, all resources and security rules are consolidated in a single subscription.
```

> This reference implementation is also well suited for bigger organization or customers who want to start with Azure Security Center for their net new deployment/development in Azure by implementing a network architecture based on the traditional hub and spoke network topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reference implementation is also well suited for bigger organization or customers who want to start with Azure Security Center for their net new deployment/development in Azure by implementing a network architecture based on the traditional hub-spoke network topology.
```

## How to evolve later

If the business requirements change over time and/or your organization grows, this simple implementation won't be enough to guarantee best practices and a more complex solution is recommended.

Please refer to [Enterprise-Scale Landing Zones](https://github.com/Azure/Enterprise-Scale) for different alternatives on how to evolve.

## Pre-requisites

- To deploy this ARM template, your user/service principal must have Owner permission at the selected subscription.

> - It is **highly** recommended to use a new Subscription. This template will change security configuration and policies that will affect any pre-existent configuration or resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is **highly** recommended to use a new Subscription, not yet being used for production resources. This template will change security configuration and policies that might affect any pre-existing configurations or resources.
```
